

# TodoList App
---
A simple and elegant Todo App built using React Native and Expo. The app features task creation, editing, deletion, notifications for tasks, and dark mode support.

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Features](#features)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Cloning and Project Setup](#cloning-and-project-setup)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Group Members](#members)
- [License](#license)

## Description

This React Native Todo App allows users to create, edit, and delete tasks. Users can set notifications for tasks, and the app supports both light and dark modes. The app leverages Expo for easier development and deployment.

## Features

- Add, edit, and delete tasks.
- Set notifications for tasks.
- Supports light and dark modes.
- Persist tasks using AsyncStorage.
- Easy to use and responsive interface.

## Project Structure

```
/project-root
│
├── /components
│   ├── Colors.js
│   ├── Styles.js
│   └── Header.js
│
├── /screens
│   └── TodoApp.js
│
├── App.js
├── app.json
├── package.json
└── README.md
```

## Cloning and Project Setup

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/eyualpha/ToDoListApp.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

   ```sh
   cd react-native-todo-app
   ```

3. **Install dependencies:**

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

4. **Start the Expo server:**

   ```sh
   npx expo start
   ```

## Usage

- **Start the Expo server** using the command mentioned above.
- **Open the Expo Go app** on your Android or iOS device.
- **Scan the QR code** generated by the Expo server to run the app on your device.

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to be learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

1. Fork the Project.
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`).
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
5. Open a Pull Request.

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Members

1. Eyu Ashenafi -       		 UGR/25481/14
2. Sumeya Adem   -		 UGR /25313/14
3. Helen Tagay    -  		UGR /25495/14
4. Abdi Dawud      - 		UGR /25341/14
5. Yonas Bezawerk  	-	UGR /25547/14
6. Natnael Chala     -   		UGR /25371/14
7. Abyalew Lobe       -  		UGR /25903/14

---


